{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2869
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Google Ads API Integration \'97 Design Document\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Company:
\f1\b0  AutoNext Treinamento IA\uc0\u8232 
\f0\b Website:
\f1\b0  https://ericorenato.com.br\uc0\u8232 
\f0\b API contact email:
\f1\b0  ericoengcomp@gmail.com\uc0\u8232 
\f0\b Manager account (MCC) ID:
\f1\b0  959-190-4950\uc0\u8232 
\f0\b Tool name:
\f1\b0  Vibestack Ads Manager (internal)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 1. Overview\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 AutoNext Treinamento IA is a marketing/SEM agency and training company. We are building an internal tool that manages Google Ads campaigns through an AI-assisted operator workflow. The tool wraps the official Google Ads API Python client library (
\f2\i google-ads
\f1\i0 ) and exposes typed operations to our internal operators. It runs on our own self-hosted infrastructure (Docker) and operates only Google Ads accounts we own or manage under our manager account (MCC 959-190-4950).\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 2. Users and access\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 Internal users only (agency staff). The tool is not offered to the general public and is not a SaaS product. Each operator instructs the tool in natural language; the tool translates the instruction into Google Ads API requests.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 3. Authentication\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 OAuth 2.0 using an installed/desktop application flow with an offline refresh token. The developer token belongs to our manager account. Requests set 
\f2\i login-customer-id
\f1\i0  to the MCC and a per-request 
\f2\i customer-id
\f1\i0  for the operated account. Credentials are stored as environment variables within our own infrastructure and are never exposed to end users.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 4. Google Ads API services and methods used\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 CustomerService.ListAccessibleCustomers
\f1\b0  \'97 discover accessible accounts.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 GoogleAdsService.Search / SearchStream
\f1\b0  (GAQL) \'97 read campaigns, ad groups, ads, keywords, budgets and performance metrics (impressions, clicks, cost, conversions, CTR, average CPC) and the search terms report.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 CampaignBudgetService.MutateCampaignBudgets
\f1\b0  \'97 create and update campaign budgets.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 CampaignService.MutateCampaigns
\f1\b0  \'97 create, update, pause, resume and remove campaigns.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 AdGroupService.MutateAdGroups
\f1\b0  \'97 create, update, pause and remove ad groups.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 AdGroupAdService.MutateAdGroupAds
\f1\b0  \'97 create, pause and remove Responsive Search Ads.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 AdGroupCriterionService.MutateAdGroupCriteria
\f1\b0  \'97 add, pause and remove keywords (positive and negative).\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 5. Typical flow\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 An operator issues an instruction (e.g. "create a paused search campaign with a R$50/day budget", or "report last 30 days performance by campaign").\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The tool builds the corresponding API request: a GAQL query for reads, or mutate operations for writes.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Write operations create entities in a PAUSED state by default to prevent accidental spend; the operator reviews and enables them explicitly.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Results are returned to the operator as structured data.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 6. Rate and volume\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 Expected volume is a few hundred operations per day, well within Basic access limits. Reads are done with GAQL; writes are batched per entity type where possible.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 7. Data handling and privacy\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 The tool does not collect end-user personally identifiable information. It reads and writes only campaign configuration and aggregate performance metrics. No user-list or customer-match uploads are performed. The tool is not used for the App Conversion Tracking and Remarketing API.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 8. Compliance\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 The tool respects Google Ads API Terms of Service and policies. The API contact email is kept up to date to receive notices from the API team.\
}